fixed dependencies and overhaul to csv filter level (#4)
logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-csv: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.0

>   - Fixed dependencies and overhaul to csv filter level, fixed & more specs.

Reviewer: the phrase _"to csv filter level"_ isn't particularly clear to me.

```suggestion
  - Fixed dependencies to work with Logstash X.Y
  - Overhauled to match features of the CSV Filter
  - Improved spec coverage
```
